When Alexander Bell invented the telephone he had 3 missed calls from Chuck Norris
Fear of spiders is arachnophobia, fear of tight spaces is claustrophobia, fear of Chuck Norris is called Logic
Chuck Norris doesn't call the wrong number. You answer the wrong phone.
Chuck Norris has a grizzly bear carpet in his room. The bear isn't dead, it's just afraid to move.
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
Ghosts sit around the campfire and tell Chuck Norris stories.
Chuck Norris died 20 years ago, Death just hasn't built up the courage to tell him yet.
Chuck Norris has already been to Mars; that's why there are no signs of life.
Chuck Norris won American Idol using only sign language
Once the cop pulled over Chuck Norris....the cop was lucky to leave with a warning.
Some magicans can walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim through land.
Chuck Norris can cut through a hot knife with butter
Chuck Norris and Superman once fought each other on a bet. The loser had to start wearing his underwear on the outside of his pants.
Chuck Norris won the World Series of Poker using Pokemon cards
When the president pushes the big red button, Chuck Norris's cell phone rings
Chuck Norris is the reason why Waldo is hiding.
Death once had a near-Chuck Norris experience
Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.
When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night, he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves.
Chuck Norris will never have a heart attack. his heart isn't nearly foolish enough to attack him.
Chuck Norris once kicked a horse in the chin. Its decendants are known today as Giraffes.
Chuck Norris once got bit by a rattle snake. After three days of pain and agony, the snake died
Chuck Norris counted to infinity.  Twice.
Chuck Norris remembers the future.
Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle
There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of animals Chuck Norris allows to live.
Chuck Norris doesn't sweat. he forces the air around him to cry and uses its tears to cool himself.
When Batman is in trouble, he turns on the Chuck Norris signal.
Chuck Norris doesn't have a shadow. his shadow isn't stupid enough to follow him around.
When Chuck Norris looks at himself at a mirror, there is no reflection. There can only be one Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.
Guns are warned not to play with Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone.
Chuck Norris is the only person that can describe colors to a blind man
Chuck Norris can kill 99% of all bacteria...as a warning to the other 1%.
Chuck Norris invented zombies so that he can kill his victims again.
The original title for Alien vs. Predator was Alien and Predator vs Chuck Norris.  The film was cancelled shortly after going into preproduction. No one would pay nine dollars to see a movie fourteen seconds long.
Whenever Chuck Norris came home late as a teen, his parents were grounded
Chuck Norris doesn't turn on the shower, he looks at it until it cries
When Chuck Norris does a pushup, he isn't lifting himself up, he's pushing the Earth down.
Chuck Norris runs until the treadmill gets tired
Chuck Norris doesn't read. he just stares at the book until he gets the information he wants.
Chuck Norris doesn't turn on the lights, he turns off the dark.
Chuck Norris can cut scissors with paper.
Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands. They are now The Islands.
Chuck Norris does not sleep. he waits.
Chuck Norris was once the F.B.I's chief negotiator. his job involved calling up criminals and saying, "This is Chuck Norris."
Chuck Norris puts the "laughter" in "manslaughter".
Chuck Norris can delete the Recycling Bin.
In his will, Chuck Norris has specified that if he dies, he will bury himself.
Chuck Norris runs Windows 7 on his Etch-a-Sketch.
Chuck Norris can slam revolving doors.
Chuck Norris can have both feet on the ground and kick ass at the same time.
Superman owns a pair of Chuck Norris pajamas.
Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird.
When Chuck Norris gives you the finger, he's telling you how many seconds you have left to live.
Chuck Norris was once on Wheel of Fortune and was the first to spin. The next 29 minutes of the show consisted of everyone standing around awkwardly, waiting for the wheel to stop.
Chuck Norris is the only person on the planet that can kick you in the back of the face.
Chuck Norris has to maintain a concealed weapon license in all 50 states in order to legally wear pants.
Chuck Norris once punched a man in the soul.
Chuck Norris once won a hot dog eating contest by consuming 100 hot dogs and six contestants in under three minutes.
Champions are the breakfast of Chuck Norris.
When God said, "Let there be light," Chuck Norris said, "Say please."
Chuck Norris owns a custom belt sander with three settings: Low, High, and Shave.
Chuck Norris once pulled a building out of a burning building.
Chuck Norris is the only person that can punch a cyclops between the eye.
Chuck Norris can tie his shoes with his feet.
When Chuck Norris does a commit, he doesn't push to the remote repository, he makes all clones pull from him.
Chuck Norris can make tests run in negative time.
Chuck Norris eats red herring and snipe for breakfast.
Chuck Norris doesn't need a debugger, he just stares down the bug until the code confesses.
Chuck Norris rewrote the Google search engine from scratch.
Chuck Norris can divide by zero.
Chuck Norris protocol design method has no status, requests or responses, only commands.
Chuck Norris doesn't pair program.
Chuck Norris doesn't need garbage collection because he doesn't call .Dispose(), he calls .DropKick().
Chuck Norris doesn't use web standards as the web will conform to him.
Chuck Norris doesn't program with a keyboard. He stares the computer down until it does what he wants.
Chuck Norris doesn't delete files, he blows them away.
Chuck Norris can instantiate an abstract class.
Chuck Norris doesn't need to know about class factory pattern. He can instantiate interfaces.
The class object inherits from Chuck Norris.
No statement can catch the Chuck NorrisException.
Chuck Norris finished World of Warcraft.
Chuck Norris's keyboard doesn't have a Ctrl key because nothing controls Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can unit test an entire application with a single assert.
Chuck Norris doesn't need the cloud to scale his applications, he uses his laptop.
Chuck Norris programs do not accept input.
Chuck Norris can read all encrypted data, because nothing can hide from Chuck Norris.
Chuck norris breaks RSA 128-bit encrypted codes in milliseconds.
All arrays Chuck Norris declares are of infinite size, because Chuck Norris knows no bounds.
Chuck Norris can't test for equality because he has no equal.
Chuck Norris can access private methods.
There is no Esc key on Chuck Norris' keyboard, because no one escapes Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris never gets a syntax error. Instead, The language gets a DoesNotConformToChuck error.
Chuck Norris doesn't have disk latency because the hard drive knows to hurry the hell up.
The only pattern Chuck Norris knows is God Object.
Chuck Norris programs occupy 150% of CPU, even when they are not executing.
Chuck Norris can binary search unsorted data.
Chuck Norris can compile syntax errors.
Chuck Norris can solve the Towers of Hanoi in one move.
Chuck Norris Icon The programs that Chuck Norris writes don't have version numbers because he only writes them once. If a user reports a bug or has a feature request they don't live to see the sun set.
Chuck Norris hosting is 101% uptime guaranteed.
Chuck Norris can write infinite recursion functions... and have them return.
Project managers never ask Chuck Norris for estimations... ever.
Chuck Norris solved the Travelling Salesman problem in O(1) time.
Chuck Norris doesn't get compiler errors, the language changes itself to accommodate Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris went out of an infinite loop.
Chuck Norris doesn't use a computer because a computer does everything slower than Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris compresses his files by doing a flying round house kick to the hard drive.
Chuck Norris can spawn threads that complete before they are started.
Chuck Norris doesn't need an OS.
Chuck Norris knows the last digit of PI.
Chuck Norris doesn't believe in floating point numbers because they can't be typed on his binary keyboard.
Chuck Norris writes code that optimizes itself.
